what up it's your boy Riley back to take
another look at kind of a weird product
cuz that's my Mo apparently on this
channel next we go sponsor this video so
we can take a look at the gripon which
is both a Nintendo switch controller and
a dock for like five bucks more than the
standard price of a Nintendo switch dock
which I mean I'm not good at math but if
I
was if I was doing some then it would
feel good right there
this thing has apparently got hall
effect joysticks it has customizable
button macros in some form and so
there's lots to take a look at before we
get too deep into the features let's
just take a look at the actual Hardware
it comes with this little box here with
extra joystick covers on it oh they look
like they're bigger maybe nice we got
documentation well actually before we
look at the documentation look at that
oo oo I always like a good good like uh
fabcy FY looking feeling thing on Tech
it's too often that Tech just like is
not homey I want to feel like I can go
to sleep on it and that's not the case
with this but there's a chance most of
this stuff is just talking about like oh
these are the Nintendo switch buttons on
the like standard Nintendo switch
controllers but oo I like those colors
but we also have some extra buttons uh
especially on the back look at those
okay let's do a little overview quick
starts guide safety guidelines be safe
when gaming it's important listen to
your mom in this scenario that's me I'm
your mom obviously on this side you know
joystick minus button d-pad settings
button and a capture button on this side
we got the plus button uh letter buttons
other joystick home button and T which
is the turbo button which will allow you
to you know specify any one of these
buttons that you want the controller to
mash for you in button mashing
situations which in switch games we know
we know they're there okay when we look
at the rest of the controller though
things uh diverge a little bit obviously
we got the trigger buttons and shoulder
buttons here but we also have the USBC
charging port the HDMI output uh for
when you're in docked mode it's a switch
so it's going to Output at 1080p not
anything super super fancy for now
Nintendo and a usba a port uh for you
know when you're in docked mode if you
want to attach extra wired controllers
I'm assuming over here we got two spaces
for game card storage uh so the switch
itself is going to have the cartridge
slot and then you can have two extras
you know if you want them poping lock
poping low if someone challenges you to
a duel in the street you got to be ready
now over here are those back buttons I
was talking about out and these unlike
the turbo button which will just Mash
stuff on the back these buttons will you
can you can set macros so uh if you hold
it and press some buttons we'll we'll
figure we'll show you later down here is
the button to switch between docked and
handheld mode when you have an HDMI
connected and down here a
kickstand so it's like it's not just
that it's like a dock you know a fake
dock it's like it's it'll stand up it'll
fancy it'll have some class and then of
course there's the uh USBC port at the
bottom there which is what we're going
to slide the switch into right
now
okay big moment okay this is it feels
wrong at a certain level but it also
feels like right like this feel look at
this this could be a product that came
together Nintendo it's going to be fine
it's going to be okay it's going to be
fine it's going to be I know it's a
third party controller ooh o that felt
good that was a joke but it did feel
really nice it clicks in dang I mean
it's like it's the same click as the uh
as the joycons actually now I'm curious
about how to do I just does it just pop
out without you don't have to press a
release button you can just slide it
out that is very satisfying it's just
working I mean no setup necessary
apparently to get the basic features
working here but what you're supposed to
do is go to settings controllers and
sensors Pro Controller wired
communication it's already on we're in
Pro mode already on this channel normal
mode only normal mode even though I've
got the nexico grip Con on my side I
like how uh meaty the uh the buttons
feel like obviously compared to the
original switch uh controller buttons
they're very clicky you know it's like a
small little thing you know for for a
handheld console they did pretty good
but this button is like it's got some
weight to it there's longer travel
distance and there appears to be a
pretty solid tactile bump still like
there's a I've used some Xbox
controllers that feel kind of mushy like
it's a big button it's got some travel
it feels like you're pressing something
significant but it doesn't really have
that kind of bump to it this has a very
satisfying bump and I think all of the
buttons do more or less
h i can immediately tell that this is a
hall effect
joystick what you huh what's
that I love this
game so the vibration is I think pretty
strong I actually like it but thankfully
nexeco has a feature where you can
adjust the intensity of the vibration so
uh and that's through the controller not
through Nintendo's software so that's
pretty cool it's so weird in games like
this that you the jump and shoot are
different buttons right like but like I
want to jump and shoot you have to you
have to do
this maybe I've just you know I I grew
up as a console gamer and I've been PC
gaming for so long now that the idea of
only using this thankfully nexigo has
thought about people like me who are
frustrated by that so that we have the
we have the macro buttons we're going to
map them I'm going to map jump to this
one and maybe on this one I'll map like
four different buttons we'll see we got
to hit the setting button for 2 seconds
until an LED shows
up okay all right now that led is
shining bright and I'm going to press
the button you want to map for me that's
that and then I press the back
button and now it's solid white the
solid white means that it's set
successfully every time you press this
key an angel gets its
wings okay so I mapped jump and now I
can jump and shoot like look at this no
one can stop me if I'm at the same time
so from now on if I'm jumping it's cuz
I'm pressing this bad boy I'm not
pressing B I'm not even going to touch B
ever again even when I go
home okay I'm going to map the other
button to this like aim and fire combo
for the secondary weapon all right so
let's enter mapping mode again with the
setting button it's blinking I have to
have the timing right I have to hold the
button until it's charged and then fire
boom boom okay so now I'm going to map
that to this one so when I press that
right
button it does it w
oh I'm probably the best Samus ever
now I'm going to go beat the boss like
okay yes normally I wouldn't be prepared
but I got hall effect joysticks we're
going to map a turbo button before I go
into the boss just so I'm prepared but
apparently I didn't know this you could
set the you can set the turbo button to
automate button mashing on one of these
buttons but you can also adjust the
speed you can either activate it 12
times per second which is the default or
20 times per second okay I'm going to
it's going to be fire so hold
this and then press this hopefully that
worked we'll see oh here we go okay okay
ah boom boom boom oh I'm scared I'm
scared I don't know how to play this
game oh
gosh yeah no this is a bad idea oh use
the turbo button turbo oh it didn't work
um got him okay so we figured it out if
you hold the button and press turbo
you're going to enter semi-auto mode so
by holding the down the button it's not
it's as if I'm not holding it down I'm
just pressing it over and over and over
again and I can start and stop that if I
hold the button and press turbo again
it'll enter the second mode which is
full auto that's just firing all the
time you're firing you're a firing your
laser and you don't want to do anything
else which in this case is what I want
to do so I'm going up to see the boss
one more time let's go oh here we go oh
he's he's done he's done he's done man
you're over it's over fire
oh jump jump jump jump jump
jump and I think that means I
won thanks nexigo he helped a a little
old Noob like me get to the
Championships now the last thing I just
wanted to to show here was that this
thing has gyro control like a regular um
you know Nintendo controller so um
there's that as well I mean that
probably looks horrible for you the
viewer and um you know I would never
recommend using this form of uh stere oh
see what hold on a second what how does
this this is why you should never use it
I wouldn't use it but the point is that
it's there so if you ever need to give
your switch to your grandma to distract
her the gyro control is there like in a
regular Nintendo controller hey one day
older Riley here uh back on set because
we real realized we didn't actually test
out the dock functionality so we're
going to do that right now okay so just
like a regular dock you have to plug
into Power uh and then your HDMI going
to your TV and and we're there so I mean
it's a it's a dock and like I said you
can press that button on the back to
switch between the TV and the console
pretty quick switching from the TV to
the console and it takes a bit more time
Swit switching from the console back to
the TV but that's because it has to work
harder to push the the frames uphill
that's one issue if you got a thick HDMI
cable then you might have some issues uh
having
it want to stay there we go a perfect
nexico thought of that so yeah if you
want the traditional dock experience you
can set it down there and use another
controller or you know you can still use
this controller uh as well if you want
to play with other people and project to
a to a TV so and this is what playing
switch looks like just you know cool
there's the dock
functionality
bam well overall I'm pretty happy with
the experience I had with this thing
it's 65 bucks uh again $5 more than the
Nintendo doc but you get like a whole
controller with it with extra features
it comes in a couple of colors actually
I forgot to say there's this purple one
and this blue one and they all have this
sort of like you know that that kind of
I don't know if you probably can't
legally call it Atomic purple or
whatever but it's you know it's that
it's that see-through uh design that has
come back into style and thank goodness
um so if you have other aesthetic
sensibilities than just uh minimalist
black option then those are there for
you I didn't even put the uh the little
extra things on and hey you know what
they kind of look like tires look at
that so if you want to play Mario Kart
with those it might make it better
if any of this pequs your interest uh
there's a link in the description you
can go check out the nexigo gripon and
if anything else piques your interest
when it comes to unboxing products well
you're on the right channel we got lots
of other videos for you we're going to
take real good care of you okay C click
one of these videos okay see you later
bye
subscribe